OK, I'll get it for you right now.
Wait a minute, I'll go with you.
Okay.
That's right, Shen Lang.
Excuse me.
It's your birthday, I have a surprise for you at the bar.
I can't believe something like that happened, Kim.
I received the gift you gave me.
When did you receive it?
I have received it countless times, every time I am happy.
Didn t you decide to give it to me as a gift?
How do you know?
Guess what.
Let's go.
Go.
You said you got stuck in the loop countless times.
Time has entered the second day of today.
I think we should get out of this fucking cycle.
You.
Trust me.
I believe you.
I hate that this is supervised.
Do I have to prove it later?
Why are you here?